but he is a a tough fellow who displays not the slightest ambivalence in the face of risks ; his sole pursuit is to make the correct choice based on the state 's interests .
a previous new york times article said that this was the most glorious move in us balkan policy in over 10 years , and that armed force was the only language that the balkans understand .
otherwise , in a situation in which the number of research achievements to be patented is limited ; their quality is poor , and their capability to generate profits is limited , problems that can be solved are always limited even though patent conceptions are so well popularized .
according to the relevant wto provisions , developing countries will in some respects enjoy differentials and favored treatment that are different from the developed countries .
it is learned that china has on many occasions previously made known its stand on its relations with the g - 8 .
with the full - speed advancement in computer technology and spread of the internet , many hackers ' activities have begun to evolve from playing pranks for excitement or for showing off their skills to using network technology for economic or political crime and have begun to develop in form from a personal behavior toward organized activities .
we should truly realize " six unifications , " especially the unification of fees to improve efficiency . we should never allow the practice of " ostensibly combining the three types of inspections while failing to do so in private , " and should truly combine the " three types of inspections . "
he also enthusiastically welcomed china 's proposal of holding a " sino - african conference - - ministerial - level meeting in beijing . " he thought this move is of significant meaning in consolidating the unity and cooperation between china and africa . mauritania will give full support to this .
the " crash training method , " " maximum training method , " " psychological disposition training method , " and " anti - interference training method " and other new methods of training launchers originated by the soldiers of the company have been promoted among units .
thirdly , the fact that the taiwan issue fails to be resolved for a long time is mainly a result of the obstructions by foreign forces and taiwan splittist forces .
feeling very furious , he tore up 20 falun gong - related books about falun gong , smashed 16 relevant tapes , burned relevant portraits and emblems , and submitted 34 books of experience sharing .
chinese foreign ministry spokesman zhu bangzao not long ago noted that china attaches importance to the role of g-8, is willing to strengthen exchange and cooperation with g-8 and hopes the host country will continue to inform china about their meetings before and after those meetings .
china is the biggest grain producer in the world , and it is also the major grain - producing country with the smallest amount of land per capita ; we should therefore develop land - substitute technology .
there were four major indicators for speeding up the reform of the house distribution system .
adhering to the party 's leadership and giving rein to the role played by party organizations in state enterprises as a political core is a major principle which we should uphold without wavering at any time .
they were of the opinion that 7 percent is a sure and positive target which china completely has the requirements to achieve , and it will be possible to exceed this target in practice .
wang weicheng , chairman of the npc 's law committee , said : on the afternoon of 28 february , the current meeting held group deliberations on the second discussion draft of the draft decision .
we wish to advise " human rights judges " in the united states to pay more attention to cleaning up your own backyard , properly solve questions such as " protecting children " or " protecting guns " and remove those social and cultural things that will encourage violence and endanger human rights .
holding high the banner of " human rights , " the united states has carried out " new interventionism . "
but since just the opposite has occurred , with this step bringing a strong reaction from the taiwan society and stern attention from the international community , chen shui - pien has been forced to explain , in an attempt to dispel the adverse impact .
motherland 's reunification - - aspiration of entire nation wearing the blue uniform of a general , member feng lida was surrounded by a group of young servicemen who took pictures with her .
this saying figuratively shows that this is indeed an absurd cycle .
we will seize the historic opportunity of the development of the western region and earnestly study new ideas , mechanism , and measures suited to tibet 's characteristics .
forces will be concentrated on key basic research projects and key projects , such as digital high division television , broadband high - speed information network , industrial automation , civil airplanes , and civil satellites and on developing newly rising industries .
from january through october , the economic returns of state - owned and state - controlled industrial enterprises in 26 provinces , autonomous regions , and municipalities were better than in the same period of 1998 .
of the country 's 31 provinces , regions , and municipalities , 21 either increased profits or halted deficits .
the cpc leaders of the three generations all have attached full importance to the cppcc 's consultative function and urged to achieve such a kind of consultation .
" as the new growth point and propeller of the economy as a whole , non - public enterprises will make great contributions to our society .
we should attach great importance to and endeavor to solve these problems . 2 .
since it was beyond their understanding why they got sick , they certainly did not know how to cure their illness with the right kind of medicine .
violations of the law should be called to account in line with law and those acts that constitute a crime should be punished and dealt with according to law .
reportedly , this trip of top mainland military levels indicates that the top cpc hierarchy 's high vigilance against taiwan 's upcoming presidential elections is more or less the same as in 1996 .
if the congress ultimately passes the " tsea , " it will be more difficult to uphold clinton 's veto .
peng peiyun and he luli respectively attended the plenary meetings of the zhejiang and beijing delegations .
as a result , the so - called promises he made to improve cross - strait ties will come to naught .
commenting on " falungong " protest activities in geneva , the spokesman indicated in a clear - cut manner that " falungong " is a cult organization that harms the public 's physical and mental health , undermines normal public order , and is anti - science , anti - mankind , and anti - society .
he pointed out that when meeting with the president of the republic of the congo , president jiang zemin made this remark : " no matter who is in power in taiwan , we welcome him to come to the mainland for talks .
afterward , the " shamute " was sent to the bottom sea by northern warships . then , semmes fled to britain .
he said , the djibouti chamber of deputies and government attach great attachment to djibouti 's relations with china and are willing to make unremitting effort to develop our relations .
many nato planes had to return to base laden with munitions , thus lowering the efficiency of use of military power and increasing the costs of fighting .
putin 's second challenge is how to alter russia 's diplomatic position as a weak country .
as the defense minister of kazakhstan , i will strive to implement president nazarbayev 's policy and propositions and take measures to struggle against any form of national separatism as in the past and at present .
while enjoying its rights after the wto entry , china will undertake corresponding obligations .
particularly today as electronic information and networking have become pervasive , erroneous ideas and viewpoints spread fast through the internet , which , because it is large in scope , strong in momentum , and difficult to control , has extremely great impact on young people and poses new challenges to ideology and education work .
as to brown 's prediction , it was biased .
while the masses master marxism , there will be a great mental force among them .
if the grass - roots party organizations fail to conduct effective ideological and political work , people may become listless , their minds may be confused , and the organizations may become loose and lax in management .
only by strengthening the party 's ideological and political work , maintaining the four cardinal principles in a clear - cut manner , and resisting various erroneous trends of ideology can we guarantee our country 's long - lasting order and peace , and guarantee social unity and stability .
mao zedong , zhou enlai , and deng xiaoping were all in favor .
in some cases , efforts have been lacking in bringing in talent and training specialists , as a result of which there are not enough capable specialists and the quality of the websites built is not high enough .
this will ensure that training on the net is not strategizing on paper and that a network project is not a " prestige " project or a project that is in like a lion , out like a lamb .
up to the end of 1999 , the total volume of cross - strait indirect trade reached $ 160.4 billion .
after the two countries established diplomatic relations , the past political burdens no longer exist between the two , and a brand - new chapter has thus been added to the bilateral relations of the two countries .
people expect the holding of the historical summit meeting between the two koreas as scheduled and hope for achieving positive results .
we must meticulously organize our enterprises , especially large and mid - sized state - owned enterprises , to explore markets , develop trade and conduct economic and technological cooperation in these countries .
we must resolutely carry out the policies on religion , do well all our work in the field of religion according to law and properly deal with increasingly complex religious problems occurring in the new international and domestic situations .
however , these foreign aggressive forces eventually ended up with failure under the firm struggle of all the chinese people , including the people of taiwan .
realizing the complete reunification of the motherland is the common aspiration of the chinese people around the world .
we also put forward rational and reasonable proposals regarding the procedures for dialogue and the negotiation process .
guangzhou , 14 april - - the ministry of foreign trade and economic cooperation held a press briefing today here .
there are many interest groups lobbying in the us congress , urging the congress to reflect their viewpoints onto us foreign policy , including the policy towards china .
admiral barrie reiterated that australia adheres to the principle of " one china . "
chen jinhua was of the view that domestic enterprises currently should sharpen their competitive edge in six areas .
meanwhile , in accordance with relevant state stipulations , we must explore more channels for grain purchase .
under the leadership of the state civil air defense office , the center will assume overall work related to china 's civil air defense engineering as well as nuclear and chemical protection .
they did not believe me and locked me in a cell . "
he emphasized that the cross - strait negotiations are not negotiations between central and local authorities or between the prc government and the local authorities in taiwan , but are negotiations as equals under the one china principle .
to subordinate ourselves to overall interest , what counts is to consciously safeguard the authority of the party central committee with comrade jiang zemin at the core ; resolutely carry out the party 's line , principles , and policies ; and ensure that every order and prohibition is executed and proclaimed to the letter .
appointment of xu fa [ 1776 4099 ] as chief procurator of the heilongjiang provincial people 's procuratorate is approved .
in the securities market in our country at present , the atmosphere of speculation has spread wide and the prices rise and fall abruptly . some listed companies have no sense of value of stockholders and the overall benefits as well as the return rates for stockholders continue to decline . this has constituted a great risk to investors .
at the same time , " one china " is also in the " present tense , " for the end of the state of civil war in china has yet to be declared , and taiwan 's " constitution " is still an expression of " one china . "
we should comprehend and understand the great and far - reaching practical and historical significance of the " three represents . "
the armament department of the central military commission , the military training department of the pla general staff headquarters , and the nanjing military region dispatched important officers to the spot to watch the firing .
as economic globalization developed before the old unjust and unreasonable international economic order was basically changed , to the large number of developing countries , economic globalization is therefore a " double - edged sword . "
perhaps similar to how the united states should treat china in a proper and reasonable way , china should also treat japan and its proper international ambitions in a proper and reasonable manner .
these all show that , from now on , taiwan 's diplomacy will play the " human rights card " even more in dealings with the mainland . taiwan will implement " human rights diplomacy " and " democratic independence " activities in an attempt to gain the support of the us and other western nations .
if the owner has the intention to let his mad dog indulge then the mad dog will certainly be proud of itself .
havana , 30 may ( xinhua ) - - fidel castro , president of the cuban council of state , pointed out here on 30 may that cuba - china relations have become better and better , and that there are many possibilities of cooperation between the two countries .
this shows that under the china concept and the prerequisite of one - china , many areas are more identical and they facilitate communication .
comrade jiang zemin emphatically pointed out that the principle of the communist party working in cooperation with the non - party personalities is firm and unshakable .
according to reports , general secretary jiang zemin spoke highly of general secretary kim chong - il 's visit to china at the historically important moment , which spans this century and the next .
thus , only when we fully understand the operational training missions the air force 's new weaponry will undertake can we be able to bear the sacred mission and responsibility in future warfare .
fundamentally speaking , global competition today and in the future is one for qualified people .
having sustained a blow during the financial crisis , the rok also needs stable relations with the north so as to further rehabilitate and develop its own economy .
on the eve of the north - south summit , the korean peninsula has witnessed a series of positive developments .
the editorial also pointed out : national reunification is a national consensus in south korea .
in recent years , the trade volume between the two countries has increased , but the scale is still not big and this is not in keeping with the economic potential of the two countries .
in case serious natural disasters occur , grain output may decrease by a big margin .
a certain ground - to - air missile launching vehicle which was ready for mobile operations in the neighborhood rapidly launched a missile to intercept the head - on missile from the " enemy . " our defense target was being threatened but not endangered .
the party committees at all levels should further unify their thinking and understanding of the issue , should devote solid and effective efforts to doing well in comprehensively constructing the military to enhance its combat strength .
after receiving full and accurate answers , he had a satisfactory smile on his face .
zhang : when talking about economic globalization , one needs to first touch on the issue of economic internationalization and integration .
yu youxian said : china has continuously carried out the struggle against pornography and illegal publications for 11 years . each year , the government appropriates special funds for this purpose . the central and local governments have established organizations to carry out this work .
azerbaijan is a friendly nation to china . it is situated at the interface of europe and asia , so it holds an important strategic position .
hong kong industrial and commercial circles have made undeniable contributions to hong kong 's current prosperity and the country 's current achievements in reform , opening up , and economic construction , he pointed out .
the " three represents " is a brilliant exposition which carries on the history , bases itself on the reality , and looks forward into the future .
in us eyes , the korean peninsula is certainly a " big powder keg . "
the " gujiao incident " shows that conducting the " three stresses " education is not only an urgent current task but also a long - term mission to be carried out unremittingly .
only by mobilizing the masses and finding out the prominent problems in party spirit and work style in our own units and only by correcting mistakes while carrying out party rectification can we improve the ideological , political , organizational , and work style construction of our leading bodies and cadres .
he said : bulgaria was the second country to establish diplomatic relations with china and the exchanges between the two peoples date back to ancient times .
wu jianxing , secretary of the plant party committee , said : such results achieved by the plant show that the cohesion of the people can be continuously enhanced by laying stress on education in ideals and faith in view of new problems in the thinking , work , and life of cadres and the masses .
in principle , cadres who are older than 45 will not be promoted to leading positions at the county or division level . 4 .
nazarbayev was happy about this , saying that from now on , they should set higher targets for the two countries ' trade .
the motivation for chen shui - bian to put forth and establish the new middle - of - the - road line closely linked to the movement outside the kuomintang [ kmt ] , the democratic progressive party [ dpp ] has grown under the banner of " democracy and human rights " in opposing the kmt dictatorial rule .
based on the major views and contents of the third way , chen shui - bian has come up with " six major " topics on the new middle - of - the - road line for people to discuss .
the leaders of the two countries had an indepth exchange of views , in a sincere , friendly and pragmatic atmosphere , on bilateral relations and regional and international issues of common concern , and reached broad consensus .
china always supports the cooperation and unity in europe , believes that the development of european integration is favorable to the stability and security in the world , and therefore expresses respect to and understanding of the demands of these relevant countries in middle and east europe to join the european union .
li peng first extended his welcome to heptulla .
but li yafei said , this was to set the pattern of reception for taiwanese political parties ' delegations visiting the mainland in the future .
after the meeting , feng hu - hsiang held a news conference at the diaoyutai hotel to brief reporters on the meeting between the delegation and vice premier qian qichen .
this reporter recently visited the china center of tibetan studies in beijing and had an interview with the experts and scholars there .
reportedly , family members of the victims arrived at shantou yesterday and stayed in building no. 8 of the guesthouse .
the state council general office recently issued a circular calling for realistically strengthening management over soccer tournaments , promoting a civilized style during competitions , and safeguarding order of soccer matches and social stability .
talks to be focused on number of hot topics during the 36 - hour stay , political activities undoubtedly will be the focus of media attention .
the situation in which there is lax supervision and light penalties has been around for some time , but it has never been effectively corrected .
in the three years after mr tung chee - hwa took office , he held a firm position in safeguarding the principle of " one country , two systems " and exercising hong kong people 's self - government and a high degree of autonomy .
a reporter asked : what comment do you have on the failure to achieve results at the camp david summit among the palestinians , israel , and the united states ?
people cannot but doubt its sincerity in improving and promoting cross - strait relations and exchanges .
jiang frankly told putin that china 's overall strength is still relatively weak . in spite of this , if it can provide russia with cooperation for its economic recovery and development , it is ready to do so . china will not forget russia 's help to china in the 1950 s .
as a result they could only avoid the differences of opinion and delay the solutions .
in china , socialism has succeeded in greatly emancipating and developing productive forces in society .
however , on the scale of information and firepower , we no doubt should unswervingly persist in focusing attention on developing our information capability .
escaping ignorance and poverty require the aggressive universalization of the knowledge of a scientific culture so as to produce a good atmosphere for science throughout society .
moreover , after the turnover , with the support of the central government , hong kong markedly increased exchanges and cooperation with the mainland in economic , social , cultural and other fields , and this instilled greater vigor into hong kong 's prosperity and stability .
therefore , exclusive reform of funding in its raising , delivery and management is not enough for building up a new medical insurance system for employees . this reform has to be implemented simultaneously with reform of the hospital management system and the production and distribution of medicines .
the united states suffered heavy casualties in the korean war in the 1950 's and the vietnam war of the 1960 's , especially the latter , and this directly caused strong antiwar sentiment within the united states and played a very great driving role in the ultimate and undoubted us defeat in the war .
he emphasized that kazakhstan has always held that taiwan is an inalienable part of china .
i also said that premier zhu rongji will visit japan in the coming autumn , and this will be an important event in bilateral relations at the turn of the century .
both the dprk and russia considered the visit as an epoch - making event in the history of relations between the dprk and russia , for it marks the beginning of a new development phase in the relations of the two countries .
these are : first , mainstream opinion must form on the island strongly demanding that the new government return to the national reunification program and the 1992 consensus ; second , the united states should take a corrrect attitude with regard to the taiwan authorities ' evasion of the " one china " principle .
according to incomplete statistics , there are now about 1,000 people in tibet engaged in tibetan language translation ; they are undertaking the task of translation for laws , news , public documents , science and technology , education , literature , medicine , and films , producing about 30 million words a year .
china is willing to go along with the international society , including the united states , to spare no effort to bring about the above goals .
from then on , china 's computer experts took aim at the world 's most advanced computers , and embarked on the difficult course of developing on their own .
later , the regiment made a cover for the computer with gauze they brought with them , and conducted regular maintenance on the computer to ensure a smooth automation command .
first are the founding activities that have been launched nationally focusing on " emphasize civilization , establish a new trend " .
currently , the world is experiencing profound changes , and china is carrying out self - transformation in its improvement and development of the socialist system .
that encouraged the paper to be determined to build its website .
specifically because of this , he tolerated , connived at , and encouraged the propositions for " taiwan independence . " consequently the taiwan authorities stopped their lawful sanctions against " taiwan independence , " " taiwan independence " elements were emboldened to carry out their activities on the island , and " taiwan independence " sentiments surged .
in recent years , the military representatives throughout the armed forces have persisted in reform and innovation and scored outstanding achievements in implementing plans for arms and equipment building , ensuring the quality of military hardware , examining and approving product prices , participating in equipment research , and providing technical services and so on .
by so doing , the concept of the " three represents " has put forward " the ultimate achievement of prosperity for all " as the goal to be reached in the course of social development .
supervision is to be strengthened over the work in selecting and appointing leading and other cadres .
beijing , 25 aug ( xinhua ) - - less than three months after taking office , the leader of the taiwan authorities has taken a party of notables to sign checks and flash cash on the international stage , thus getting closer and closer to lee teng - hui 's " money diplomacy . "
most of the cadet groups have formed study - method research teams , and many scientific research results achieved by them have received awards given by the military or the state .
grain reserves are ample too .
beijing , 29 aug ( xinhua ) - - in the wake of the reforms of china 's cadre and personnel system and the all - round promotion of the civil service system , appointment to posts by competition has become an important way of selecting and employing people in party and government organs at all levels .
after that , he asked the crowd in the square : " the revolutionary government of cuba would like to ask the people of cuba to consider whether they are willing to establish diplomatic relations with the people 's republic of china [ prc ] . "
with this greater environment in the backdrop , it is difficult for the chinese economy to show strong growth .
iceland 's advanced research on gene decoding will serve as a very useful reference for china in its genetic research .
those enterprises that have got rid of difficulties still do not have a firm foundation . a large number of such enterprises do not score a high level of profit . their internal management is not yet solid , with poor ability in coping with the changes of the market .
therefore , doing a good job of religious work has great significance .
establishing a solid sense of the party is an important requirement for administering the party with firmness , and an important way to strengthen the cohesiveness and combat strength .
the three - day world economic forum 's asia - pacific conference commenced on the 11 th .
second , we must sort out the problem of indiscriminate collection of electricity charges .
the media , such as newspapers , television stations , and magazines , have a great influence on the people .
cai jiachou , head of the 2 nd detachment of the xiamen marine police corps , and others stood trial at the quanzhou city intermediate people 's court yesterday .
zeng jianhui said at a press conference at the chinese embassy in the united states that freedom of religious belief is one of the basic rights of chinese citizens provided for by the constitution and protected by law .
commenting on vatican cardinal etchegaray 's upcoming visit to china , chinese foreign ministry spokesman sun yuxi said : etchegaray will visit china as a french cardinal . his trip will consist of activities of friendly religious exchanges .
we should earnestly sum up , scientifically standardize , and actively promote such measures and methods .
we have enhanced the edifying influence of culture in military camps , carried out varied and interesting mass cultural and recreational activities , and conducted education through culture and recreation .
sun zi was right when he said : " success is mostly within the grasp of those who make preparations for winning a battle well before the battle starts . "
by 1999 terrorism had changed from a partial problem into a problem affecting the entire region .
the people 's courts at various levels should proceed from a strategic perspective to fully understand and strengthen the important significance of ideological and political work and continuously enhance their awareness of making adjudication work consciously serve and submit to the major tasks of the party and state .
in 1999 , the proportion of food expenditures for residents in the whole country to total expenditures was 49.3 percent , a decrease of 6.8 percent over 1995 .
over the past 20 - odd years since reform and opening up , china 's economic legislation work has scored tremendous achievements , but it is still a considerable distance from the institution of a comparatively perfect socialist market economic and legal system .
he said that for three consecutive years , the public assessed the pubic security front as one where unhealthy trends were most serious .
at present , the key to building trade ethics and banning paid news reporting lies in enhancing the effectiveness of carrying out the established policies .
us business circles have long awaited the advantages that china 's wto accession will bring to the united states , including the gradual opening up of service trades such as telecommunications , finance , and insurance , while traditional commercial sectors will also open up still more extensively to american businessmen , enabling us exports to maintain growth momentum .
in order to create a panic mentality and terrible atmosphere , they proceed from fabricating " the theory of earth explosion " and " the theory of doomsday " to disseminating suspicion and negativity about the present political systems , and stir up relations between governments and the masses of people .
the " legislative yuan " is stilling stalling on examining the general budget from the " executive yuan . "
the party central committee and the central military commission have successively adopted a series of major measures for vigorously strengthening the ideological and political building in the pla and the armed police force .
all these military exercises have served to show a remarkable improvement in both the weaponry and the defense capacity of our army .
the sino - dprk traditional friendship created and nurtured personally by chairman mao zedong , premier zhou enlai , comrade deng xiaoping , president kim il - song and other leaders of the older generation have withstood historical tests and have taken deep roots in the hearts of peoples of the two countries .
in the liberation war , he was , in chronological order , chief of staff of the shanxi - chahar - hebei military region and deputy commander and chief of staff of the 2 d formation of northern china military region . he led his troops in a series of major campaigns .
china and africa should make concerted efforts to promote the establishment of a new international political and economic order and create more favorable conditions for their own development .
zhu rongji said : sino - japanese economic and trade cooperation is an important part of their bilateral friendly and cooperative relations .
domestically , the coming five to 10 years will be most important for the development of our country in the new century .
after hearing the briefings given by various departments and experts ' opinions , zhu rongji made a speech .
the government has two fundamental tasks in terms of development : first , formulating and implementing the rules that must be observed by the entire society in development competition so as to coordinate the relations among various interest groups in society , between the interest groups and individuals , and among individuals .
the robot will remain forever on the moon because sending it back is not economical .
tang jiaxuan said that we must follow the direction of building a friendly and cooperative partnership committed to peace and development , a direction established during president jiang zemin 's visit to japan in 1998 , and put into practice the results of zhu rongji 's visit as quickly as possible .
as regards the constant guess of the taiwan media , during senior minister lee 's visit to taiwan , on whether he is the " mediator " between the two sides of the taiwan strait , president chen said : " senior minister lee is not a mediator and has not conveyed any messages . "
market competition is not merely a contest of quantity but , more importantly , a contention in terms of technology , quality , and efficiency .
it can be predicted that china 's economy will develop from a new starting point and on an ever larger scale in the new century .
in the war to resist us aggression and aid korea , the volunteers forged close unity with the people in the nation .
in addition , the country 's economic development is uneven among the different regions ; the industrial structure is poor ; we lag behind in science and technology , and our enterprises lack overall quality and competitiveness .
the central leaders have also particularly stressed the need to take the initiative to supervise our leading cadres by stepping up advance supervision and advance prevention .
an analysis of historical experiences and current realities of china and foreign countries throughout history will show that whether or not the nationality issue is handled well is of great importance to national unity , economic development , political stability , and social progress .
we should proceed from our country 's national conditions while doing all things and from the reality of building socialism with chinese characteristics . this is the true meaning of historical materialism and the study style of marxism which a chinese communist should have .
chairman li peng relayed regards and good wishes from president jiang zemin and premier zhu rongji .
now , in a " seesaw game " that pits the democratic donkey and republican elephant , the election , a much - touted symbol of the us " democracy , " looks pale before money .
peace and development constitute the main stream of the times .
he denied that he has revised lam 's articles , and rejected relevant charges . he also said that he never required lam to avoid sensitive issues , but only asked him to enhance reporting quality .
podrov stressed : while conducting cooperation with china , our company will not only sell parts to china but will also join hands with china in developing new products and opening up an international market .
election of a us president is an indirect election system , and the outcome is decided by the number of electoral votes the presidential candidates win .
the meeting has decided to hold the 14 th wto chinese work team meeting in geneva on 5 december .
the united states , however , has not downgraded its military presence in the region on that account .
jiangxi province 's procuratorial organs placed on file on 19 june of this year for investigation and prosecution a total of 10 suspects involved in some nine bribery cases involving hu changqing and wound up investigations for eight cases by 29 september .
zhu rongji said : the chinese government assigns great importance to cooperation with asean and is willing to further this cooperation in the direction laid down in the " joint statement on cooperation across east asia . "
people all remember earlier when the news exploded that the administration was secretly monitoring the " opposition " party ; this event calmed down when the authorities assured that it would n't happen again .
among the 84 officials convicted on the first trial a few days ago , many have been able to escape further charges due to lack of evidence .
during the raid , the weather was full of unpredictable changes , sometimes sunny and sometimes cloudy and drizzly .
it is necessary to do so in the context of realities .
faced with the new situation , china intensified its battle with " taiwan independence " forces and separatist forces internationally and waged a determined campaign against the taiwan authorities ' perverse actions and the activities of certain international forces that interfered in china 's internal affairs and violated china 's sovereignty .
eagleburger is here as guest of the chinese people 's institute of foreign affairs .
after the collapse of the yalta structure , the world entered a new historical period .
we have to discover and handle the problems of the leaning character and symptom of the trend to guarantee that the open system of administrative affairs goes smoothly and make sure the society is steady .
third is the need to rigorously investigate and deal with cases of breaking laws and regulations .
members of the central discipline committee who are in the armed forces , deputy secretaries and members of the central commission for disciplinary inspection , and discipline committee secretaries and discipline inspection directors of various units and of the armed police attended the meeting .
by the middle of this century , we should build the western region into a new region enjoying economic prosperity , social progress , a good living environment , and nationality unity , and having green mountains and clean rivers .
this fully attests to the taiwan authorities ' lack of sincerity and goodwill with regard to the issue of direct " three links " across the strait .
they believe that china policy should be a combination of engagement and containment .
the united states has been fighting a trade war with japan for many years .
people wo n't forget those days during which our productive forces were low , commodities were in short supply , people 's livelihood was extremely difficult , all kinds of coupons were considered as amulets by the urban people , and the food and clothing problems of more than 100 million peasants could not be resolved .
what good countermeasures may be used to deal with an aircraft carrier formation ?
ecology and environment will become more and more a regional and global issue to be resolved .
second , the human capital , knowledge reserves , and other high - grade economic elements have formed the comparative advantages of the province in terms of technical innovation and the development of new high - tech industries .
yu keli also criticized chen shui - bian for lacking sincerity , adding that his attempt to solve the question by bypassing the " one china " principle and political negotiations while asking the mainland to renounce the use of force and respect taiwan 's international dignity would only prove futile .
the farm ranch 's conference room was only a stone 's throw from the kindergarten . the sound of children 's singing drifted into the main court of the farm ranch .
the three deputy - director level cadres implicated in this case are former deputy director of the hubei province civil administration jia hong , former deputy director of the provincial system reform committee ye zijiang , former chairman of the board and deputy general manager of the hubei qingjiang water conservancy development corporation qi min .
looking back at the road sino - eu relations has traveled , we have to say the relations has developed and deepened continually on the whole .
we should trust the cadres , believe that they can withstand temptations and tests .
for instance , the issue of national security , the question of whether the consciousness of the enemy and ourselves will be gradually watered down by frequent mutual contacts , and the issue of firearms and drug infiltration are the problems taiwan will face and solve in the future .
zhu rongji noted : our country 's strategy for launching a large - scale development in its western region has provided chongqing with a sound opportunity to further reinvigorate itself , and , therefore , chongqing should highly value and make a good use of this historical opportunity .
bush claimed that this plan is " an insurance policy for dealing with an economic slump " and that after he takes up his office , he will " uncompromisingly " live up to his pledge of tax reduction .
the ninth guangdong provincial people 's congress concluded its meeting this morning . pursuant to the proposal of guangdong provincial higher people 's court president lu botao , ling qiman and li yifeng were appointed vice presidents of the provincial higher people 's court .
colin powell , who was chairman of the us joint chiefs of staff and who jointly planned and commanded the " desert storm " campaign in those days , has become secretary of state .
first , the request made by the sar 's court of final appeal to the npc for an " interpretation of the law " is a stipulation set forth in the basic law .
they said : under the guidance of the party central committee 's strategy of administering the country according to the law , the people 's courts have comprehensively stepped up judicial and enforcement work closely around the overall interests of the work of the party and state and persist in impartially administering justice , significantly improving trial efficiency .
india has attained impressive achievements politically , economically , and militarily in recent years but , due to its less than solid foundation , vast population , and limited economic strength , it is not easy to realize the objective of a powerful nation .
she said if the relations with these two big countries are not properly handled , the consequences will be disastrous .
cadres at all levels must go down to the grass - roots level , accurately grasp the situation of the disaster and the situation of the people 's livelihood , and put in the first place the solution of the problems of food and clothing for the people in disaster areas .
chairman liu yong of the board of directors of the jiayang group in shenyang city hired a large number of lawbreakers with notorious records as roughnecks , purchased illegal guns and ammunition , and frantically committed crimes .
because taiwan 's new leader deliberately obscured the one - china principle and denied the " 1992 consensus " of the association for relations across the taiwan strait and the strait exchange foundation , the two sides have been unable to ease their tense relations and achieve a breakthrough in their political impasse .
the leaders of the taiwan authorities do not clearly recognize the principle of one - china and have obstructed the establishment of a foundation for developing cross - strait relations .
the spokesman pointed out : the chinese people have deeply understood that stability is the fundamental guarantee for china 's reform , opening up and the socialist modernization drive . the broad masses of cadres and people spontaneously support the chinese government 's cracking down on " falungong " in accordance with the law .
as strong pillars for the people 's democratic dictatorship , the pla and military police units are prepared at all times to destroy provocation in any form and to provide their due contributions to safeguard the sovereignty of the state and the stability of society .
more recently a number of non - publicly - owned enterprises have purchased shares in state enterprises or have acquired or merged with such enterprises .
it is necessary to step up security precautions , improve the mass prevention and management work system and work mechanism , step up science and technology precautions , prevent and reduce cases , and do practical and good work for the masses .
in june 2003 , the water gates of the three gorge dam will be lowered to detain water up to 135 meters above the sea level .
in the dprk , apart from essential departments that are equipped with computers , there are hardly any individually - owned computers .
the indian side indicated that its position on this issue has not changed .
the moment e - commerce emerged , countries around the world competed with each other to develop it . it has produced a far - reaching impact on the changes in the pattern of world economy and trade structure and has effectively promoted the process of global integration .
the unit is thus charged with a heavy task of preventing a disaster . also placed under its jurisdiction are several major projects , such as the nanpu bridge , the jiangnan shipyard , and so on . thus the unit must remain on full alert around the clock .
beijing , 17 feb ( xinhua ) - - the united states and britain dispatched 24 warplanes to bomb iraqi military targets at five locations near baghdad under the cover of dim night on 16 february .
hence , it is necessary to ensure in funds and talent the implementation of the three main tasks for the armed forces .
when the time comes , a rough sketch of the new us administration 's north american policy will become clearer .
he added : the reunification of china can be negotiated on an equal footing .
the bush administration 's nmd deployment program is extremely likely to touch off an arms race and extend the arms race to outer space .
in late july 2000 , the dongming county radio and television bureau contacted the lankao county radio and television bureau . together , they came to check and mete out punishments on the spot . however , over 100 local villagers obstructed them and their trip did not accomplish anything .
the chinese side approved 2301 new us investments in china during the first 11 months of last year , with a negotiated investment figure of $ 7.33 billion , of which $ 3.59 billion has been realized .
by adjusting and regulating the profit relationships among the state , the collective and the farmers , fee - to - tax reform fully protects farmers ' right to make their own operating decisions and their property ownership rights .
i hope that the forum would become a new linkage for dialogue and cooperation in the region , and play a useful role in promoting prosperity and development in asia .
we must actively guide our allies in conscientiously and closely integrating personal interests with national interests , and materializing personal specific interests in the process of materializing the prosperity of the country and the common wealth of the people .
the support and help that we have received from the public have greatly inspired a strong sense of responsibility among all our officers toward the party , the country , and the people .
meanwhile , it has also trained a corps of cross - century technical researchers with quite high academic achievements , having laid solid grounds for china 's strategy of revitalizing the nation through science and education and our sustained development strategy , to speed up our establishment of a national innovation system .
in the past three years the standing committee has adopted a serious and responsible attitude toward ratifying the convention , and it has now been officially ratified after comprehensive and detailed studies in three examinations and discussions within a comparatively short time .
only when we sufficiently understand the importance of issuing and implementing these interim procedures from the strategic perspective of stressing politics and the overall situation can we effectively strengthen our initiatives to carry out and implement these procedures .
in fact , what the united states wants is to " kill many birds with one stone " : striking at saddam will scare other arab countries , and also serve as a warning to certain western allies and countries that dare to ignore the " no - fly zones " and get close to iraq .
our army is the strong pillar of the people 's democratic dictatorship and shoulders important responsibilities in preserving national stability .
today 's meeting was held in the anhui hall of the great hall of the people .
the income of the peasants has increased very slowly in the past few years . this is a conspicuous contradiction in the development of the rural economy and is also an important issue that has a bearing on the overall situation of the national economy .
but illustrating the map of genes will also cause problems .
beijing , 11 mar ( xinhua ) - - " why do we have so few invention patents ? "
against the general backdrop of economic globalization and in the new situation in which china is about to enter the wto , jiangsu will bring its resources into play , make use of what is favorable to it and avoid that which is unfavorable , and scramble for opportunities in the new round of opening up .
cppcc member gong ruxin said he planned to establish a base in shanghai for the exchange of agricultural science between the two sides of the strait .
this point is understood by military personnel of the republic and is also the common understanding of people in the whole country .
npc deputy cheng yaokun said with deep feelings that the " innovation of structures and the transformation of concepts are still more invaluable wealth of the chinese nation . "
we oppose the nmd system not because we want to use the nuclear weapons we possess to threaten us security .
li yafei said this when answering a question at a news briefing given by the state council 's taiwan affairs office .
excessive examination and approval leads to poor efficiency . this state of affairs is detrimental to both attracting more direct foreign investment and to chinese enterprises ' efforts to go global and get involved in international market competition .
we have consistently maintained that all sides concerned should strictly adhere to the un security council resolution 1244 and , on the prerequisite that the existing international borders are respected , seek a peaceful solution to the problem through political dialogue .
li yumei , a peasant in zhaoyuan city , shandong province , became obsessed from practicing falungong . she was full of fantasy of " ascending to heaven in bright daylight . "
faced with this situation , division commander qi jianguo felt all sorts of emotions surging up within him .
at an interview by the us media , russian foreign minister ivanov pointed out : the us unfriendly behavior is mischief done by the " cold war " mentality .
powell yesterday gave high marks to the achievements of qian qichen 's us visit , saying that the visit will help sino - us relations develop in a positive manner .
in the springtime of march , standing committee members of the party committee of a missile brigade under the second artillery corps marched into the operations ground and joined officers and men of the companies in conducting exercises of the new " three offensives and three defensives , " guided missile mobile warfare , and other tactical courses .
the erroneous act of a small number of people in the united states cannot stop the efforts of the people of the two countries to develop relations .
the complete reunification of the motherland is the trend of the times .
for some time , the us has been sending aircraft to the coastal areas of china to carry out military surveillance and the pla has sent out fighter jets to keep an eye on them , in a gesture indicating that nobody is allowed to infringe on its territorial airspace .
to this kind of hypothetical questions , the first reaction of o ' neill and chipman was , " i do n't know . " in fact , it is also a difficult question to answer .
the statement , which turns black into white , not only represents an insult to righteous undertakings of the chinese people in fighting against foreign invasion but also a flagrant challenge to internationally - recognized historic facts and intuitive knowledge of mankind .
zhu rongji , standing committee member of the cpc central committee 's political bureau [ politburo ] and state council premier , attended the meeting and made a keynote speech .
" we regret that the chinese plane did not get down safely and we regret the loss of the life of that chinese pilot .
the leaders of the two countries should regularly exchange views on bilateral relations and on important international and regional issue .
in any event , the victims transmitted the true events down to the next generation .
the airfield was originally built for fighters . however , the 316 bomber wing of the us air force was the unit that was actually stationed at and managed this airfield .
haikou , 11 apr (zxs) - - at 1900 [ 1100 gmt ] tonight , chen ci , head of the foreign affairs and overseas chinese affairs department of hainan province , held a news conference at haikou 's wenhua hotel . he said that the us side must take full responsibility for the plane collision incident .
he expressed the belief that the visit would be a success .
the united states once stated absurdly that the surveillance plane is a us " territory , " and asked the chinese side to not board the plane for inspection .
the grief and worries failed to destroy this strong - minded woman .
if the united states had persisted in its unwillingness to use wording for an apology that acknowledged fault and repentance while china maintained that the united states must make a formal apology , then bilateral negotiations would have reached a stalemate .
internationally , some people believe that china is being too hard , that compelling the united states to apologize will have adverse results , and that future sino - us relations may be more troublesome .
today , under the supervision of a relevant department of our country , the crew of the us military aircraft left haikou onboard a commercial plane chartered by the us government , to reunite with their families .
a common chinese saying is : " do not do to others what you do not want done to yourselves . " since the united states disallows other countries to come into its airspace to check and collect intelligence , why does it force other countries to accept such acts ?
on the morning of 1 april , a us military reconnaisance plane collided with and destroyed a chinese military aircraft . after the pilot bailed out and went missing , the navy and the departments concerned organized a large - scale search and rescue operation .
labor workers in northeast china lived an inhuman live . they were trampled underfoot and had no security in their livelihood .
without a large number of various kinds of high - quality personnel , it is impossible to gain the initiative and advantage in the fierce competition .
they took it in an calm and cool - headed manner and flew in a steady formation on the side of our country 's hainan island with the us ep-3 flying on the outer side .
we must sufficiently understand the importance and urgency of solving this problem .
within the issuance period , the current treasury bonds are openly sold to society according to the face value by the underwriting agency through shanghai and shenzhen stock exchanges in the forms of the floor - listed sale and the contracted sale .
a " martyr wang wei 's online memorial hall " was set up on xinhuanet . com .
not long after , when he asked the investigation team about his summation , the team said that it had been referred to the central authorities for further instructions . bao tong confirmed that zhao ziyang submitted two resignation letters during the 4 june incident period .
this vividly expressed the incomparable value placed on the lives of our servicemen by the party and people , and displayed the great cohesion of the chinese nation .
our army is the steel great wall defending the motherland and shouldering the sacred mission of safeguarding national sovereignty , security , and unity .
the principle of " peaceful reunification , one country and two systems " agrees with the common interests of the people on both sides of the taiwan straits and takes into full consideration the wish of our compatriots in taiwan to be masters of their own affairs .
the heretical teaching of " falungong " is thoroughly harmful to human health and life .
as china is currently carrying out its reform and opening - up in depth , we are interested in learning and benefiting from the useful experiences of all countries , including spain .
this kind of action , which tramples on the will of the people and ignores their hardships and sufferings , will only increase taiwan 's social turbulence and economic decline and make the people 's life more difficult .
leading comrades from the state council emphasized that party committees and governments at all levels , from central to local , must attach great importance to rural basic education and education in minority areas . judging from the present situation , they are not taken seriously enough in some places .
in his speech , jiang zemin also expressed ardent hopes on college students throughout the country .
the division sent special persons to consult with local military units to bring the communication systems of its 10 - odd remote units into nearby program - controlled military lines .
historically speaking , the meaning of strategy has continuously undergone changes , as social conditions have changed and people 's understanding has improved . an important manifestation of this development is the gradual expansion of the subjects of research .
so far , however , " there is only a sound on the stairs , but no one is there . "
hostile to religion and harming the people , " falungong " is a malignant tumor in society .
we must strengthen the communities ' contingent of cadres and contingent of community volunteers , give full play to the leading core role of the community party organizations , and coordinate the forces on all sides to do a good job with community services and community party - building work .
the united states polled last in the vote by 54 ecosoc members , obtaining only 29 votes , according to diplomatic sources close to the meeting .
so long as we look at the issues from the angle of others , it is easy to remove misunderstanding , and deepen and eventually reach an understanding .
today , when knowledge is being updated faster and faster , and talented people are getting younger and younger , the great mission of promoting our country 's scientific and technological progress and innovations has been more and more shifted to the younger generation .
the declaration said that " our elder generation , who have had their fill of hardships in life and have experienced life 's ups and downs , believe that the huge number of chinese people - - particularly chinese americans - - absolutely cannot lower their guard when dealing with this kind of group .
being governed by above - mentioned regularities , the evolution of the agricultural structure and the rural economic structure generally shows the following characteristics : first , farm produce will become much more diverse , and the variety of products will become richer .
in the last year , this criminal trend has become increasingly severe in some areas , seriously interfering with the nation 's normal economic order .
there are 376 people , including 129 religious followers , in the 100 residential families surveyed . the family masters answering the questionnaires are mostly religious followers .
under this theory , on the one hand , he talked about " reunification " and " new mechanisms " between the two sides of the strait ; on the other hand , however , he stressed that taiwan had " independent sovereignty , " and the two sides of the strait " are not mutually subordinate . "
affiliations primarily refer to the ways and means of having the ability to directly or indirectly control , or exerting major influence on , the issuer in matters of financial and operational decision making . these primarily include equity relationships , personnel relationships , managerial relationships , or business interests between the affiliated party and the issuer .
general party secretary jiang zemin pointed out that " the corruption of the system of cadres is the biggest corruption " and that it is imperative to " prevent and control corruption at the source . "
currently , in the more than 80 bases and facilities are deployed approximately 31,000 united states navy and marine troops , mainly deployed in places such as yokosuka , sasebo and okinawa .
since 2000 , in particular , our national economy has showed an important , favorable turn and has begun to march along a healthy path , with the average annual growth rate exceeding 8 percent during " the ninth five - year " period .
since last year , the open market operation has become the principal instrument of the central bank in its daily monetary policy operation .
lhasa , 22 may ( xinhua ) - - jimzhong gyaincain puncog , a tibetan old man who had played an important role in the process of the peaceful liberation of tibet , said today that the legitimacy of the " 17 - article agreement " brooked no doubt .
zhu rongji stressed that since the main policies and principle tasks for helping poor areas through development in the next decade have been clearly set , now the key is to grasp the implementation of those policies and tasks .
hideki tojo was born of a major warlord family .
the ground deep air photoelectric surveillance system known as " geodss . "
adhering to and promoting these excellent traditions is an important standard for measuring whether a cadre serves the people wholeheartedly or not .
he said the singapore side was delight with the park 's progress and expressed his confidence in bilateral cooperative prospects .
from 8 to 12 june , premier zhu rongji , accompanied by zhou yongkang , secretary of the sichuan provincial cpc committee , and zhang zhongwei , governor , conducted investigation and study on improving the ecological environment and speeding up the development of areas inhabited by minority ethnic groups .
smiling , he said in an unhurried manner : they met four times last year and will be meeting at least three times this year .
the " shanghai cooperation organization " attaches special importance to safeguarding regional security and will make all the necessary efforts to do so .
with the formation of the constitution and standing body of the official organization and the improvement of the foundation of mutual laws and specific coordination mechanisms , the cooperation of the organization will be enhanced significantly in terms of level and efficiency .
this will be another disadvantage .
therefore , permitting people from the mainland to come as tourists as early as possible is necessary and urgent .
this will be a century full of opportunities and challenges .
when conducting education , we should pay attention to mobilizing the masses , allowing everyone to bring up problems , describe facts , present principles . we should adopt speech contests , examinations on current events and policies , field visits and analyses of typical cases to conduct education in a vivid , energetic , colorful and effective manner .
the major parts of the exclusive interview with frank hsieh are as follows : question : has the dpp decided to forge an alliance with lee 's political group ?
the kyoto protocol reached in japan has been denied by the new us government .
efforts should be made to continue the implementation of the strategy of " invigorating trade through science and technology " and vigorously promote the exports of new and high technologies and products , electrical and machinery products in particular .
international media recently commented on the dongshan island exercises as a hot spot , considering it a warning issued to chen shui - bian [ ch ' en shui - pien ] and the united states . the new york times reported that the united states recently guaranteed it would help defend taiwan .
" china 's first internet media forum " was held at the suggestion of the chinese journalists association . it was jointly sponsored by that association and by key central and local news websites such as the joint people 's network and china network of the xinhua network , and other units concerned .
under the leadership of the cpc , the vast mass of scientific and technological workers are united and mobilized to work hard for the development of science and technology in our country and for the realization of the grand objective of socialist modernization in our country .
the public security organizations responding to the incident found 257,343 kilos of crystal methamphetamine .
compatriots in taiwan have made valuable contributions to the development of chinese culture .
our purpose in realizing modernization is , fundamentally speaking , to obtain developed productive forces through reforms and development .
the young people of all ethnic groups in china represent the future of our country and nation and the hope for prosperity and development of our cause .
the international olympic committee will be voting on the host city for the 2008 olympic games in moscow friday week ( 13 july ) . beijing , toronto and paris are the three leading contenders .
the state council think tank members held that china and the united states have broad and far - reaching common interests after the end of the cold war ; in particular , they need to depend on and cooperate with each other in the security and economic and trade fields .
bush dared to fly in the face of universal condemnation , because he wanted to repay the industrial interest groups that had helped him enter and host the white house .
especially party - member leading cadres must have the spirit of being the first to be concerned about the country and the people and the last to enjoy life .
china already notified japan long ago before hitting back .
hsu li - nung , chairman of the new party mainland affairs council and delegation leader , also said to these staff reporters : this visit is a great success . during consultations , both sides have reached a very specific six - point consensus .
beautiful fireworks lit up beijing 's dark sky , while the deafening sound of drums and gongs shook the vast land .
during the first half of this year , the accumulated increase in the total loan amount was 715.2 billion yuan , up by 95.1 billion yuan over the same period last year .
the chinese and russian peoples and the peoples in the rest of the world should work together so that the ship of world peace and development can brave the wind and waves and sail forward .
the two sides will actively promote friendly exchanges and cooperation in the political , economic , science and technological , educational , cultural , health , and other fields , and strive to keep achieving concrete results of exchanges and cooperation .
zhang yunping , president of the fujian society in the united states , hoped that the small handful of " falungong " elements would value the interests of the chinese nation , cherish the hard - earned political stability and fast economic development of the motherland , and refrain from degenerating into pawns of international anti - china forces .
kiev , 21 jul ( xinhua ) - - on the morning of 21 july , prc president jiang zemin met with ukrainian prime minister anatoly kinakh at the ukrainian national guesthouse where jiang zemin stayed .
in xigaze , hu jintao met separately local party and government officials , officers and soldiers of units stationed in xigaze , and representatives of heroic model soldiers , retired soldiers , and retired cadres .
the mulberry tree and green bamboo he planted still thrive with luxuriance , and his quaint , elegant house stood quietly in their shade .
the western countries are the main promoters and beneficiaries of the globalization process and should bear more responsibility for a whole series of problems caused by globalization such as eliminating the widening south - north gap , environmental deterioration , and frequent wars and chaos in the poor countries .
we must persist in the party 's ideological line of emancipating the mind and seeking truth from facts , unswervingly aim for the application of marxist theories , aim at providing theoretical thinking for practical issues , and aim at new practices and new developments .
he said in the first several conferences , mainland and taiwan scholars were suspicious of one another and stuck to their own positions .
scholars did not want to see tension in cross - strait relations , were concerned about taiwan 's future , sought common ground while reserving differences in the course of exchange , and reached consensus on the one - china principle .
the taiwan spy yue qing who was caught red - handed also assumed the identity of a " taiwan businessman " and frantically engaged in espionage activities in the name of investing in fine - food eateries .
not long ago , taiwan 's military issued an urgent order to its officers asking them to switch off their handsets . the reason given was that the mainland was trying to monitor taiwan 's military intelligence through these handsets .
the chinese people will not tolerate for the taiwan leader to go farther and farther down the road to splitting the motherland , and the chinese people 's liberation army will always be a great wall of steel on the road to splittism he can never go beyond .
the visit is seen as the highlight of powell 's five - nation trip to asia .
on 22 july bush and putin held one - on - one talks while attending the g-8 summit in genoa .
he is identical with advanced figures in the past in some aspects and different from them in other aspects .
this demands that we attach importance to promoting party building in the new period under the condition of socialist reform and development and implementing the principle of advocating the party 's absolute leadership over the army .
after britain and russia , the united states too joined in the conspiratorial activities of aggression against china 's tibet .
however , the lobbyists pushing this article forward with all their might have been uncharacteristically silent , with absolutely none of their previous movements seen .
our country 's exports to the united states , japan , and hong kong account for nearly one - half of the total export volume .
it is reported that during the " ninth five year plan , " china 's population added a net of 60 million people , the natural population growth rate had a yearly average of 9.69 per thousand , and a too - rapid growth of the population has been effectively controlled .
democracy and the legal system have been obviously strengthened . china has made solid progress in running the country according to low .
his advanced deeds have excellently reflected a unity between the party 's fine traditions and the spirit of the times , a unity between the principle governing party character and family ties as well as friendship , and a unity between the establishment of lofty ideals and realistic work .
in this way , we can continuously do a good job at integrating the basic tenets of marxism with the specific reality of china in the light of new practice .
in regard to the unification of the basic mission , marxism considers that the productive forces are the most dynamic and revolutionary factor .
the japanese politicians ' so - called sentiments that consider " all dead people as deities " are all deceptive .
many ldp parliamentary members and politicians and rightist groups are themselves members of the national association of japanese dependents of war dead .
they accuse the democratic and progressive forces in japan of committing a " mental crime " in expressing remorse for the past history of aggression and admitting guilt .
in selecting times , people are most tired and most likely to be negligent before dawn , so it selected early morning as the takeoff time .
when the investigation group asked su jin , assistant to the chief of the mine , to bring a map about the mine 's geological conditions , su came with the map after a long while .
the state council departments concerned must further perfect the specific policy measures for holding officials accountable .
the first has to do with the presence of small amounts of titanium . titanium is a strong , lightweight metal used extensively in spacecraft .
from a historical point of view , neither peasant leaders nor bourgeois democrats had the capability to set a clear goal for struggling for the chinese people .
the printing enterprise should keep for two years the checked and verified copy of the ' trademark registration certificate ' with the seal of an industry and commerce administrative department , the sample of the registered trademark , and a copy of the contract permitting the use of the registered trademark for inspection . "
dalian , 21 aug (zxs) - - the six - day third senior officials meeting [ som iii ] of the 2001 apec and related meetings ended here this afternoon . during the meetings , in - depth discussions over trade and investment , economic and technological cooperation , and new economies were held .
actual operations show that , to avoid being spied on and attacked by the enemy side 's land - based air units , the us carrier battle group usually stations in the vast waters 400 to 800 kilometers [ km ] away from the shore .
this is an " action for setting off a prairie fire with a spark " laid down by the ministry of science and technology in its recently issued " spark plan " program outline for the 10 th fyp .
it has been learned that , sponsored by liaoning province academy of social sciences , the forum is being attended by more than 100 experts and scholars from china , japan , south korea , russia , mongolia , and the dprk .
international opinion has appealed to the united states to put pressure on israel .
when replying to the question about " lee teng - hui 's visit to japan , " wu dawei said : lee teng - hui is the general representative of the taiwan independence force , and this is a label he has attached to himself with his words and deeds .
